doing some ball joints in the old garage
door installation truck today there's
not actually any slap in these
but you can see that the grease pool is
riffed on the upper
and dry ratted pretty bad in the Lord
this truck side going in for an
alignment so as a preventative
maintenance measure we're gonna go ahead
and replace the ball joints starting by
putting a stanchion under the floor
controller and just give a little bit of
preload Eric supporting it the reason
for this is when you separated if you're
not supporting that and this controller
fly is down you can break your brake
line
the next thing I did here is there to go
with the bolts in the corner of this
ball joint hold zì clip for this wire
and now with both the ball giant nuts
loosened I'm gonna stick a pickle fork
in there and try to separate the upper
from the knuckle one flat side towards
the side you want to say it
now also the pickle fork and the lure
and separate that one unfortunately miss
the footage of separating the lower ball
joint but it was just like the upper and
so we've got going on we've just brought
a tranny Jack over and it's not the
assembly on that can see the sprinkles
are in a whole lot of play with that so
you're gonna have to keep that pretty
close use the old who wasn't her crack
going to the center that thing too sore
no it's just there was compress I'm not
going to get torch and cut the heads of
these three rivets off you could grind
them off if you have a grinder
okay the upper ball joint Falls to no
end finally got that out of the way and
Tory presses ball turnovers can try to
beat it with a hammer
sometimes I let sage his stuff Wow
all right so we're set the press here
we're using a ring and disc on top here
but a crusty nude bulging from the
bottle and reason this disc in the Bible
so it's metal on metal and we'll get
that set up and shoot
at all I think it as no fellas see it
just walk it double press this walk back
over to the side just keep going we'll
pay the Centers
I think it's gonna pop in there except
to get past the cost
I need the bigger impact on yeah yeah
kind of a pretty that thing wouldn't do
it
yeah kind of look in there a little bit
there
let's go on yep can you can hold on
actually
see the knot now that we have the lower
ball tonight Preston we're going to go
ahead and bolt the upper ball joint in
torque all those bowls to spec and
position the grease boat wherever you
want the grease to come out now we wring
something an uncle back on to the new
ball joints and we'll go ahead and
torque those nuts to spec now pair work
you know I go I put that bracket back on
those set wires so here we got the
cotter pin in we'll stop on those ends
over do the same for the top you
basically just snug up the zurka usually
a little bit of threads are showing
who's the greaser consultant bottom so
now we're going to grease it that we're
curious to see what happens with this
boot was really long it scrunched up
when we tighten the nut down we'll just
keep our eye on this hopefully it just
fills up in a balloon Zod
fulfilling
it is filling
keep going
I'm good it's good keep going
Oh
should take a look at it and see what
you think that's about a mile greased
it's good I believe to look better now
oh it's full of grease that's right
always starting to come alter a little
bit too huh my right there who were
supposed to Oh
so I just rose up a little visit do you
think her
oh yeah it's coming up about an older
girl I can see the edge